Now we're going to actually write our first back end server using express so inside of your server Dutch
ass we have to import in the files and libraries that we've just installed.
Now we're gonna use it with the node require and to do it.
We actually have to set it equal to some value.
So this is different from the iOS 6 import that we use when we wrote our front because we don't have
access to yes 6 inside of our server because this is node code so require is pretty much the older version
of the import that you're used to using.
And it just takes the syntax right.
You set the actual variable equal to what you want it to be.
So we're gonna bring in the library and we're gonna cast it to this variable called Express.
We're gonna do the same thing for cause.
And again I'll show you what it means when we actually use it.
We're gonna do the same thing for the body parts or library and then we're also going to do the same
thing for this new one called Path now path.
We didn't actually bring in to our package that Jason because path gets bundled into any node project
and what the module path does is it lets us build out path thing for our Directories.
And the reason for that is because in file production builds most builds get optimized and you don't
actually know a lot of the times what the directory name right you might be in path just allows it in
the moment to calculate it for us.
I know that might sound confusing but this is the main idea with path is that it allows us to dynamically
build when we call it from our current directory to where we're actually trying to go and I'll show
you what that looks like when we actually start using it as well.
Now you remember I mentioned that we brought in this dot end package right in order for us to store
our secret key.
What you're gonna do is you're going to make a new file inside of your root called Dot and an inside
of here you are going to set that secret key value that you had.
So inside of your dashboard you are going to reveal the test key token.
Copy that over and then you're gonna put it in here under stripe secret key like this equals.
And then you're just going to paste it in.
You don't need to put it in quotations but I'm not gonna do this on camera because I again you need
to hide that secret key from people but just paste it here and then we'll be able to use it and then
what we're gonna do is we're gonna say if process Dot and Dot note environment not equal to production
meaning if we're in development or testing what we want to do is we want to then require IN OUR DAUGHTER
IN LIBRARY AND WE'RE GONNA SAY config so this loads the short end into our process environment which
allows our process thought and now to access that secret key and that's how we keep it secret now inside
of a get ignore we are going to add the short end into it.
And this way we make sure that we don't ever send any sensitive information we put in our door and into
any repos because that pretty much eliminates the purpose of trying to make it secret and now we're
going to actually use our Express app and we're going to do this by saying cost.
App equals Express.
So this will instantiate for us a new express application and then we're gonna say that we want the
port that we host our app on to be either the process Dot and Dot port.
Right.
So if there's a port value on the process environment we're gonna use that port otherwise we're gonna
put it on port five thousand.
So our server is going to be on a different port than our local host our local host will be on three
thousand and our server will be on five thousand.
Now in order for our front end to actually be able to access our Web server we have to tell it that
we want it to use that port whenever it makes API requests so I'll show you what we do here inside of
your client's package that Jason you're going to add this proxy key which create react app will know
how to use.
And here you're gonna pass in a string that says H TTP slash slash local host
and this will be how are create react app one know that when we pass it just you or else like not complete
your URLs but the back of your URLs which you'll see when we actually do the stripe request that it
will instead fire them off to local hosts five thousand instead of three thousand which will allow us
to hit our back and server that we're writing.
So just say that and then close this file and we'll continue with our server not just code.
Now the next thing we want to do is we want to start leveraging these libraries that we brought in so
in order to do that we're gonna say app use which is what we now get with our Express.
And we're gonna pass in body parser dot Jason and this pretty much just says we're gonna make sure that
any of the requests coming in I want you to process their body tag and convert it to Jason so we can
use it.
It's it's just that extra step done for us using this body parser middleware.
Again you remember with fetch whenever we made a request when we got the response back we had to say.
Jason on it this is pretty much a way for us not to have to do that every time and then we're also going
to say app dot use body parser dot you are all encoded and we're gonna pass it this extended it goes
to true.
Now you might be wondering what is the all encoded while you remember we've actually used this before
as well.
You all encoded as a way for us to make sure that the U are L strings were getting in and we're passing
out do not contain things like spaces or symbols right.
Or if they do they get properly escaped because you are are very strict about what characters they're
actually allowed to have.
So this pretty much is another thing that they do for us using the body parts or library and then we're
gonna use cause now what is cause course stands for cross origin request and what this does is if you
think about it like this our web server is being hosted from some origin origin meaning like place like
a port.
So for example in development it's port five thousand or application or front and is hosted on port
three thousand which is a different port and therefore a different origin.
When our front end makes a request to our backend what course does is it's on most web servers by default
it checks to make sure the origin is the same if it's not the same then it denies the request which
is a safety feature.
So for example if you're hosting your Google server for example let's say Google hosts a server to do
all the search and hold all the data whatever back there.
If another website like Amazon makes a request to the Google server Google will see that that website
is coming from a different web server right a different origin because of course that one's hosted on
the Amazon.
So then it will be like oh OK this is across origin request.
Right.
I'm going to block it by using this or enabling it so that we're able to make requests from our local
host 3000 to our port five thousand.
That's the main benefit of passing in this cause library.
It just allows it so that we're actually able to properly make requests to are back in server now.
The next thing we're going to need to do is we're actually going to need to serve our client application.
Now that we're hosting our own Web server what do I mean by this.
Well what happens when we deploy to production is that we have this live web server.
This node server that's being run on our Heroku you are all that we pass it whenever Heroku receives
a request what it's going to do is it's going to determine based on the url path what to do.
Because now we are dynamically in control of telling this node server what we want to host it what we
want to send back to the client that's asking for something.
So what we're going to say is that if process dot environment dot node environment is equal to production.
Right.
So if we're in production now what we want to do is we want to be able to serve all of the static files
in our build and we do that by saying appetite use Express dot static path dot join
underscore underscore Durning client slash build.
So I know that was a lot of new things that we just saw.
But let's walk through it so we're seeing app dot use.
Right so we're express.
I want you to use this Express dot static middleware function and what this does is that it allows us
to serve a certain file inside of this you are all that we pass to it right or this path thing and the
path that we passed was using our path library.
And we're joining this directory keening which tells us what directory we're currently in and then we're
pointing to client slash build.
Now if you remember slash build was what gets built when we run our build script inside of our package
that Jason and we want to serve all of the static files that are in there.
So that's what this will do for us.
But the only way that we're actually able to serve it is we have to say what route we want to use it.
So we'll say apt get and then we'll pass it that star which means that this is for every euro any euro
that the user hits we pass this get a function.
And in this function we get a request and a response and what we want is we want to say that our response
is to send the file.
Right.
So when we get a request a get request specifically if a user is trying to get something from any of
our URLs we want to we want to send it are static files so let's take a look at this and get I get is
how we tell our application what the rest parameters for each of you are all we'll be rest being either
get post update or delete.
Right.
How we handle requests of those nature the get requests that we get from the front end when the client
hits this route or any route.
What we're saying here.
Here's normally what we pass routes which we will do later.
But here we're saying for any route that is not covered by the future routes we're going to write.
I want you to do this as your response.
So the function that we pass to this is the function that gets a request and a response the request
representing the actual request that we're getting and the response being the actual response we're
going to send back and here we're gonna say a red dot send file path dot join underscore underscored
dir name client slash build and we're gonna say indexed dot HMO so we're gonna give them the index the
H to mail file in our build which holds all of our code all of our front end client code is going to
end up all being built into small modules and packages right that all get included into our base index
that each team alpha and that's how we're going to serve our application from our actual final production
build finally we're just going to say after listen on port and then the air so we're saying after all
of this code gets run we want to start listening on port three that five thousand sorry.
Right.
So that's what the port key here is being used for.
And if an error gets thrown then we want to throw an error.
So if any error happens which is the second parameter that listen gets is a function that will call
and then we want a console to log server running on port
so if nothing's wrong if this is all that's going to look right it's just that we're running on this
port and this I know it was a lot of code it's a lot of stuff and this is like back in code right.
It's just so much setup that you have to learn but this is pretty much a really basic setup that we
need to do using express in order for us to set up our stripe integration in the next lessons we're
actually going to talk about integrating in stripe and hopefully once we write that code some of this
code might start to make more sense as well.
It's a lot to get thrown into at once part of it is a matter of just seeing more of it and then some
of that will click.
So in the next lesson we're going to actually write out our strike integration.